Moses Nasser: Hello.
moto e5 play: Hi.
Moses Nasser: How are you doing,
moto e5 play: Good, how are you
Moses Nasser: I'm doing well. Thank you.
Moses Nasser: All right.
Moses Nasser: I'm Dr. Moses.
Moses Nasser: Hi, what's your name.
moto e5 play: Hi Anna.
Moses Nasser: How do you spell that
moto e5 play: SH y
Moses Nasser: Okay, and your last name.
moto e5 play: HP G.
Moses Nasser: And what's your date of birth to 1791 1279 yes
Moses Nasser: All right. How old are you,
Moses Nasser: I'm 20 okay
Moses Nasser: Are you allergic to any medicines.
Moses Nasser: Penicillin okay
Moses Nasser: All right.
Moses Nasser: And
Moses Nasser: So tell me, what's your drug of choice.
Heroin
Moses Nasser: Okay, and
Moses Nasser: How much do you use
moto e5 play: Um, I was using about a half ground to accommodate
Moses Nasser: Mm hmm. And how do you take it usually
moto e5 play: I stopped it.
Moses Nasser: smoked it. Yeah.
Moses Nasser: And when's the last time you use heroin.
moto e5 play: And it's been about
moto e5 play: Last Saturday, so about what Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, everything about six days.
Moses Nasser: Last Saturday, so
Moses Nasser: So then you're SO YOU'RE SO YOUR LAST FEW. So January 25 and then you're clean day would be the 26
Yes.
Moses Nasser: All right, clean day 126
Moses Nasser: And with the heroin use that didn't interfere with your relationships.
moto e5 play: Yes, I took me
Moses Nasser: I'm sorry.
moto e5 play: So take me with my family. Like I always run and hide.
Moses Nasser: And didn't interfere with your work.
moto e5 play: Yes, I don't work.
Moses Nasser: Does it interfere with social activities to do things that you normally would enjoy
Moses Nasser: Yes. You spend a significant amount of time trying to get heroin using it or recovering from its use.
Moses Nasser: Yes. When you stop you get withdrawal symptoms.
moto e5 play: Yes.
Moses Nasser: And you have tolerance. Also, you need to take more to get high.
moto e5 play: Yes. Okay.
Moses Nasser: Any other oh how long was this run for a long have you been using everyday for this time.
moto e5 play: About two years.
Moses Nasser: Two years.
Moses Nasser: That's pretty significant.
Moses Nasser: Use any other drugs, alcohol cannabis will spend those No, nothing else.
Moses Nasser: No. No. Okay. Do you smoke cigarettes.
Yes.
Moses Nasser: How much do you smoke.
moto e5 play: A PACK A DAY.
Moses Nasser: Okay.
Moses Nasser: So tobacco dependence and then opioid use disorder severe heroin are the two diagnoses. And then, do you have any ongoing medical problems.
Now,
Moses Nasser: You take any medicines every day.
Moses Nasser: Now any major surgeries.
Now,
Moses Nasser: Any major significant family history like parents brothers, sisters, with things like heart attack, stroke cancers.
Moses Nasser: No, no.
Moses Nasser: Right.
Moses Nasser: And do you have HIV or hepatitis that you know
No.
Moses Nasser: Any thoughts about hurting yourself or anyone else.
Moses Nasser: No. Do you hear voices that aren't there.
No.
Moses Nasser: Okay. And then do you have depression or anxiety.
Moses Nasser: No no no okay no psych history that you know it's like bipolar or anything like that.
Moses Nasser: No. No. All right.
Moses Nasser: Are you in pain.
No. Okay.
Moses Nasser: And
Moses Nasser: At this time, are you having like any
Moses Nasser: Did you did you get on Suboxone from the hospital.
moto e5 play: Yes.
Moses Nasser: Oh you manage
moto e5 play: My right now. So it's going to be out in two days.
Moses Nasser: Got it, got it. So how much Suboxone are you taking right now.
moto e5 play: I'm taking a milligrams twice a day.
Moses Nasser: Okay, so on the eight milligrams twice a day. Are you having any cravings for heroin.
moto e5 play: Um, sometimes like Monday.
moto e5 play: I feel I start to feel a little sticker. But then I take my next dose and I'm fine.
I'm
Moses Nasser: Okay. Okay. All right.
Moses Nasser: Um, are you having any
Moses Nasser: Stomach cramping, diarrhea, vomiting,
moto e5 play: Um, well, I just had a baby on the 15th, so
Moses Nasser: Um, oh, you did. Okay. Yeah.
moto e5 play: I'm bleeding from that. But other than that, no.
Moses Nasser: Okay, and
Moses Nasser: Okay, so you're not having severe cramping.
No.
Moses Nasser: No diarrhea.
moto e5 play: Now,
Moses Nasser: Are you having any chest pain coughing trouble reading tarot reading when you walk
Moses Nasser: Know burning when you pee.
Know,
Moses Nasser: Headache
Moses Nasser: Know anybody aches and pains.
Now,
Moses Nasser: Are you still having. Are you having like vaginal bleeding or just some a little bit of cramping on the lower abdomen.
moto e5 play: And just rational bleeding from having the maybe
Moses Nasser: This vaginal bleeding from the
Baby
Moses Nasser: And you have follow up. Did you have prenatal care.
moto e5 play: I had a follow up with my doctor and I have another one coming up in
moto e5 play: Two months.
Moses Nasser: Okay, good. How many children do you have
Just one.
Moses Nasser: Coach. Okay. And how well. When was she born
moto e5 play: He was born.
Moses Nasser: On the fifth, sorry. It's okay.
moto e5 play: Yeah. Actually, my mom.
Moses Nasser: Or my counter. No way.
moto e5 play: Yeah, my mom delivered them.
Moses Nasser: That's great, on purpose.
moto e5 play: No, I woke up in labor. I thought how gas pains, because my for I was kind of guessing and going the bathroom.
moto e5 play: So I would like to see my woke up and I was in labor for 20 minutes I had them.
Moses Nasser: Wow. Yeah. What's his name.
moto e5 play: His name is Anthony Michael
Moses Nasser: Lips, lips.
Yes.
Moses Nasser: And are you do you, who do you live with.
moto e5 play: My mom.
Moses Nasser: Your mom. Okay.
Moses Nasser: And is your mom does your mom use
moto e5 play: No, she does not
Moses Nasser: So it's you. Your mom and the baby.
Moses Nasser: Yes. Do you have a significant other.
moto e5 play: And no
Moses Nasser: No. Okay.
Moses Nasser: All right. And then do you go to a or na meetings.
moto e5 play: I start my meetings on Wednesday.
Moses Nasser: Okay, so you're not involved in any
moto e5 play: Not yet.
Moses Nasser: You're going to be starting. Okay.
moto e5 play: Yeah, when they. I'm going to start going Wednesdays and Thursdays twice a week for four hours each day. So eight hours a week, helping kind of meetings.
Moses Nasser: Oh, wow. So is that any meetings or is that part of an outpatient program.
moto e5 play: It's part of outpatient program for drug substance abuse.
Moses Nasser: Okay, excellent, excellent.
Moses Nasser: And then I like to ask everybody about spirituality. Are you comfortable sharing. Do you have to believe in a higher power non Christian is
moto e5 play: I'm spiritual I believe in a higher power.
Moses Nasser: Okay, so just like God in general.
Yeah.
Moses Nasser: But not particularly Christian
Moses Nasser: No. Okay, any major traumas in the past.
moto e5 play: No mom, my dad just passed away a year ago.
Moses Nasser: Oh, I'm sorry.
Moses Nasser: That was in 20 1918
Yes.
Moses Nasser: What month
moto e5 play: And December December 7
Moses Nasser: Like a month ago.
moto e5 play: Two months ago, like, a year ago and December 18 until
Moses Nasser: 18 2018 server 2016
Moses Nasser: Yeah okay actually passed away my living room and I gave birth in my living room.
Moses Nasser: Kurt like to get away from
moto e5 play: Where he passed away I yeah
moto e5 play: Well, yeah.
Moses Nasser: Your living room is a special place.
moto e5 play: Yes, my house can be bronze one day.
Moses Nasser: Well, okay. Let's see, what else do I have for you, physical exam is normal.
Moses Nasser: Do you have Narcan at home did
Moses Nasser: You have
moto e5 play: Fun. Yes, we have two of them for the nose.
Moses Nasser: Okay perfect, so for patient has an arc and already at home.
Moses Nasser: Um, and then you understand that you can't like if you combine the Suboxone or tomorrow opioids, or with alcohol or Bezos, then you can overdose and die.
Moses Nasser: Yes. Okay, so please don't combine it
Moses Nasser: Please don't take any of those things are at do more heroin on top of this and also
Of course,
Moses Nasser: What else don't need to do induction. You've already been induced please don't sell the medicine.
moto e5 play: Of course not.
moto e5 play: I need this thing.
Moses Nasser: Okay.
Moses Nasser: And then it is important for you to be on contraception
Moses Nasser: So are you are you going to go on contraception
moto e5 play: Yeah, my, my daughter. When I go when I start to visit. I'm going to get on birth control.
Moses Nasser: Okay, great, great. So education visual good contraception are the next doctor visit with her primary care physician.
Moses Nasser: Okay, good. So for the. So do you want to stay on Suboxone
moto e5 play: Um, yeah, I don't know any other option.
Moses Nasser: Well, the other option would be to detox solely off from Suboxone to get off of it. Another option and then to do Naltrexone which is the once a month shot or once a day pill.
Moses Nasser: Which blocks all the opiate receptors, and then there's methadone, of course, where you go to the clinic every day and get and get your methadone in the morning.
Moses Nasser: I think that Suboxone is a good option for you.
moto e5 play: Yeah, me too.
Moses Nasser: Okay, so would you like to continue that.
moto e5 play: Yes, please.
Moses Nasser: Okay, so we'll continue Suboxone for you.
Moses Nasser: On a scale of one to 10 being on the Suboxone, what would you say your cravings are
moto e5 play: Probably a one that's just one they
moto e5 play: Were all yeah
Moses Nasser: Okay.
moto e5 play: I haven't been thinking about it really not much when I take my medicine.
Moses Nasser: Okay so 16 milligrams is a pretty hefty it's pretty good dose. We can go up if we need to, or to go down.
Moses Nasser: I say let's keep it 60 milligrams for another week or so.
Moses Nasser: And let's see how you do see if those cravings kind of fizzle away or they kind of stay stronger and then we can make a decision as to the dosing to continue
moto e5 play: Okay.
Moses Nasser: Does that sound like a good plan to you.
moto e5 play: Yeah, that sounds great.
Moses Nasser: Okay. All right, good. So I'm going to call in a prescription for you for Suboxone eight milligrams twice a day and then today's Friday.
Moses Nasser: So I'll see you in group on Monday.
Okay.
Moses Nasser: But what I'll do is I'll give you medicine to last till next Monday.
Moses Nasser: OK. So today's Friday. So how many do you have left.
moto e5 play: I have two days left
Moses Nasser: Two days. So I'll give you, Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday, I'll give you 10 days worth talking to be 2020 pills.
Moses Nasser: Are you taking the pills or the film.
moto e5 play: And they give me the pills. I went through.
moto e5 play: Writing that's in my town. That's the only place that has it that carries it right now.
moto e5 play: So if you could have it shipped over to write it on Odo
Moses Nasser: Okay, did you give the give them the information already right heart health.
moto e5 play: I think I did. I think I don't want mart pharmacy, but I just found out that Walmart, they don't have it in stock.
Moses Nasser: Okay, so why don't you wait with me on the phone while I go ahead and
Moses Nasser: Send that in. Okay.
Moses Nasser: So make sure it goes to the right place.
moto e5 play: Okay, thank you so much.
Moses Nasser: In the meantime, do you have any questions for me.
moto e5 play: Um, no. I talked to them on the phone yesterday for an hour. So I think I
Go.
Moses Nasser: Okay, that's good. So let's see, you'll be in the
Moses Nasser: Probably the
Moses Nasser: Group.
Moses Nasser: Okay, that's the women spirit 1015 year
moto e5 play: Okay, that's fine.
Moses Nasser: And then if worse if you need if you worst case scenario, if you really needed to. I mean, I have a nine o'clock group, but it's, you know, I like to have. That's more of the men's group.
Moses Nasser: And then there's also a group that gets kind of mixed at
moto e5 play: 1130 930-910-1313. Okay, fine.
Okay.
Moses Nasser: Okay, it's not Walmart. Right.
moto e5 play: Now it's not Walmart.
Moses Nasser: Okay, so we're going to send it out.
moto e5 play: Rite Aid on Oakdale
Moses Nasser: What's the zip code.
moto e5 play: 95350 I believe
Moses Nasser: Righty 1707 McHenry Avenue Modesto
moto e5 play: No, it's okay though, so it might be 9535
Moses Nasser: Will try Oakdale
Moses Nasser: I got I got 1449 staff streets, we want to. And I've got 1300 West Elm Street. Oh.
moto e5 play: No, it's at the street is old does cities Modesto
moto e5 play: Sorry.
Just
Moses Nasser: A okay 1032 Oakdale road.
Yes.
Moses Nasser: Not deal road right
moto e5 play: Now, not that road. No. Okay. Oh, yeah.
Moses Nasser: Well, Dale road. Okay, there we go. So it's 1032 Oakdale road Modesto
Moses Nasser: Yes. Do you want the phone number or the address.
moto e5 play: No, I haven't already.
Moses Nasser: You got it.
Moses Nasser: Oh, I have to have to get out of the screen to get the code. Okay.
Moses Nasser: Okay.
Moses Nasser: Okay, your medicine has been sent over
Moses Nasser: Patient is low, low key risk for suicide.
Moses Nasser: I think that's it. So I'll see on Monday. Do you have any questions.
moto e5 play: No, I don't think you
Moses Nasser: Okay, pretty straightforward, if anything comes up, let us know. Write it down and we'll talk about it on Monday.
moto e5 play: Okay, thank you.
Moses Nasser: Okay. You're welcome. Nice meeting you.
moto e5 play: Nice to meet you. Have a good day. Bye.
Bye.